=head1 NAME

Builder - SDR Development Tools 

=head1 CONTEXT

These are the tools required to build, compile and package SDR 
software. The package requires ksh93 and perl. You should
have access to all SDR Builder libraries used by SDR, available 
separately.

=head1 COMPONENTS

=head2 builder

Main builder script, handles all template engines. This will be the main
script to be called. 

=head2 engine.rec.linux.version

Linux Recording Engine - describes what software components will
be unpacked and compiled for SDR Recording Linux module. 
This handles 32 and 64bit platforms.

=head2 engine.rep.linux.version

Linux Reporting Engine - describes what software components will
be unpacked and compiled for SDR Reporting Linux module. 
This handles 32 and 64bit platforms.

=head2 engine.rec.solaris.version

Solaris Recording Engine - describes what software components will
be unpacked and compiled for SDR Recording Solaris module.
This handles 64bit platforms only.

=head2 fetcher

Software update utility - checks all software used by SDR and their latest
revisions from their main web sites. Uses catalog.conf, the main configuration
file as the software configuration. 

=head2 etc

catalog.conf - the main configuration file for all software 
used by SDR software. This is a XML based configuration which keeps 
tracks of all libraries and softare modoules used by SDR and their 
revision number. This file is used by fetcher.

Config.pm - CPAN configuration file. Will use the local CPAN
distribution.

=head2 sfw

sfw - main configuration file for all software 
used by SDR software. This is a XML based configuration which keeps 
tracks of all libraries and softare modoules used by SDR and their 
revision number. This file is used by fetcher.

=head1 EXECUTION

Building SDR software requires that you have a software

=head1 FREE SOFTWARE LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2013 SystemDataRecorder

 This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
 modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License
 as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2
 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

 This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
 but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
 GNU General Public License for more details.

 You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
 along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation,
 Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307, USA.

 (http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html)

=head1 NOTE

This document will be updated at the same time with SDR project.

=head1 AUTHOR

Stefan Parvu, sparvu@systemdatarecorder.org

=cut

